VimDe (VIM development environment) project

LLNL exp branch

can be run on any C, C++, or Java code base

enhance's Vim's
cscope
make
find
interfaces
by maintaining the cscope interface across invocations as well as during code
changes (ie maintains a central cscope.out and finds it automatically and
regenerates tags on the write of a buffer)

uses the "RExplore" plugin as well as the popup menus

FEATURES:
Works on whole source trees not just one directory of source.
Find & load cscope.out automatically when editing a soure file anywhere in the source tree.  (This includes seting the path up such that cscope can find files corectly)

Provide menus to manage cscope and the "project".

User editable "Build, Run, & Debug" scripts which invoke vim's make utility & quickfix features.

Find all headers, C, CPP files in source tree.
Grep with vim error list features to use :copen to click or :cn to work through found instances.
Open files using wild cards w/ vim's error list features to navigate if multiple matches.
Highlights tags when found.
"Smart" tab completion.


Cscope specific features:
find definition
"Where is this called?"
find all ocurrances of symbol
find class
find subclass
grep for symbol
open header for this C or CPP file
open C or CPP for this header file
open include file under cursor
open file named under cursor




BACKGROUND:

Everyone is complaining of "bad development tools" for linux.  I know there are
IDE's available like KDevelop and others.  But the thing I have always wanted
is an IDE which uses VIM at it's heart.

VIM is quite powerfull and has many things built into it.  However, project
integration is a bit lacking if you have to keep setting things like makeprg
everytime you start a vim session.  I for one am always cd'ing around and
vim'ing files when I need them.  In a large project this looses the context of
the "project."

VimDe's goal is to create a series of scripts and macros which integrate the
following programs.

VIM
cscope
ctags
make

The main problem with the integration of these programs seems to be "what
directory am I in?"  They all work great except from time to time vim was
started in a weird manner and they don't work anymore.  I want to releive these
issues and bring them togther.

Furthermore, I would like to be able to run a script which finds the "project"
file for the source tree I am in and loads the vim configuration based on that
project file.  Therefore setting up things like makeprg etc.

Requirements:
1) <F-9> makes the project
2) <C-]> search for tag
3) <C-\> find where tag is called.
4)

Nices (if I get time):
1) Simple makefile builder.  Something which will take a series of files in a
directory structure and figure out what to do with them.  Basically *.c and
*.cpp or *.cc files and headers will support simple make depend etc...
2) Call graph program integration.
3) Class heiarch program integration.




Vim needs to know:
a) "home" directory of the project.
b) what the make program is
c) where cscope.out is
d) where tags file is
e)


